We'll come back.
How was this exercise.
Hopefully it wasn't too difficult.
If you're able to answer these questions you're most likely you're going to be OK in an interview if
you ever get asked about that first search or breath search.
So let's go over the answers.
If he'd know a solution is not far from the root of the tree.
Well we talked about this.
We want to use breath for search because it starts it starts searching the closest nodes to the parent
first.
If the tree is very deep and solutions are rare.
Well this is a bit of a tougher question but we would use a breath for a search.
And the reason we do that over something like depth first search is that depth first search will take
a really long time with this type of a tree because the tree is really deep it's going to go one by
one going really really down below.
And because solutions are rare it's most likely going to just repeat that over and over and over.
And as you'll see with depth first search we use recursive functions.
And with that first search that can take a really really long time.
Although with this one we also have some memory concerns with breath search.
So your answers may vary but this is what I would use as long as you can explain that to the interviewer
you're find the what if the tree is very white.
That is there's a lot of notes.
It's not a binary tree it just has a ton of nodes underneath each parent.
Again this is a bit of a tougher one but we want to use death for a search because a bath first search
and I'm going to say be fast from now is.
Well it's going to need too much
too much memory.
The way breath first search works is that it has to keep track of the nodes and the current level in
something called a queue.
We'll see so because of that it might take up too much memory.
What about the next one.
If the solutions are frequent but located deep in the tree well in that case we do use depth for search.
So hopefully we'll be able to find an answer quicker than breath for a search.
What about the next one determining whether a path exists between two notes.
That is what death first church is built for Audubon finding the shortest path.
That is for breath.
First search.
Now keep this document in mind and revisit it as we learn more and more about these two algorithms because
things are going to start making sense more and more.
But this is a good sheet to keep in mind before you go to an interview in case you get asked these questions
enough talking for now.
I think it's time for us to start coding these algorithms.
I'll see in the next one.
Bob.